#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass uumthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 5
\tocdepth 5
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Abstract
This is the English abstract.
 Jelly dessert sesame snaps.
 Oat cake jelly oat cake gingerbread sweet roll apple pie muffin sesame
 snaps.
 Dragée icing carrot cake faworki tart chocolate cake.
 Cookie apple pie chupa chups tootsie roll sweet roll toffee chocolate bar
 gummies gummi bears.
 Apple pie lollipop candy canes jujubes caramels.
 Soufflé powder liquorice fruitcake.
 Tiramisu fruitcake candy canes jelly beans muffin chupa chups bonbon.
 Donut sugar plum fruitcake liquorice chocolate pastry lollipop chocolate
 bar cookie.
 Jelly-o donut marshmallow chupa chups danish.
 Sugar plum pudding sweet roll muffin applicake biscuit tart fruitcake wafer.
 Pudding croissant carrot cake tiramisu candy canes.
 Powder powder jelly-o.
 Pie croissant cake chocolate cake carrot cake sweet apple pie sweet roll
 donut.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract
Tootsie roll pastry dragée macaroon pudding gummi bears candy canes gummies
 faworki.
 Cupcake faworki sesame snaps halvah soufflé bonbon dessert jelly-o.
 Lemon drops jujubes liquorice gummi bears.
 Lemon drops dragée powder bonbon applicake chocolate gummies.
 Wypas dragée cheesecake cheesecake ice cream lemon drops topping donut.
 Bear claw marzipan candy canes sweet roll cookie chocolate cake cupcake
 chocolate bar tootsie roll.
 Donut brownie chocolate bar apple pie.
 Muffin pudding gingerbread pudding jelly candy canes.
 Cookie soufflé carrot cake candy canes lollipop icing bonbon oat cake.
 Gummi bears jujubes wafer.
 Liquorice sugar plum topping cotton candy gummi bears icing wafer jujubes
 croissant.
 Lemon drops sweet fruitcake sugar plum dragée.
 Gingerbread dragée biscuit lollipop bear claw.
 Lemon drops faworki icing marzipan topping candy canes halvah liquorice
 chocolate bar.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Abstract

\series bold
Keywords:
\series default
 Cupcake, dummy text.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
