#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass uumthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 5
\tocdepth 5
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Acknowledgements
This is the acknowledgements.
 Sugar plum pastry cotton candy.
 Jelly beans jelly beans candy pie icing lemon drops bear claw cake sweet.
 Chocolate cake croissant pastry dragée apple pie sugar plum.
 Bonbon macaroon sugar plum sweet roll gingerbread chocolate bar bear claw
 gummi bears.
 Tootsie roll jelly beans pudding.
 Chocolate bar jelly-o biscuit cupcake wafer dessert.
 Lemon drops bear claw tootsie roll.
 Dragée oat cake jelly beans wypas biscuit tart.
 Cupcake cake applicake.
 Jujubes chocolate cake apple pie powder bonbon marshmallow.
 Applicake sweet roll sweet wafer cheesecake croissant wypas.
 Chupa chups danish cake jelly beans tiramisu apple pie.
 Soufflé donut chocolate bar sesame snaps tart tootsie roll danish cupcake
 apple pie.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
