#LyX 2.0 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 413
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass uumthesis
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding utf8
\fontencoding default
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100

\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_amsmath 1
\use_esint 1
\use_mhchem 1
\use_mathdots 1
\cite_engine basic
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 5
\tocdepth 5
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Chapter
Full Details
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Jelly caramels faworki sesame snaps cotton candy jujubes.
 Pudding toffee cheesecake.
 Lollipop muffin macaroon bonbon apple pie muffin lollipop.
 Faworki carrot cake apple pie powder chocolate cake chocolate bar cookie.
 Wafer gummies topping applicake macaroon gingerbread cupcake brownie.
 Croissant muffin gummies.
 Halvah pie brownie chocolate bar brownie macaroon.
 Gummi bears jelly-o gingerbread ice cream chocolate cake.
 Cupcake wypas chocolate bar gummi bears pastry gingerbread icing.
 Gummies jelly-o powder sesame snaps oat cake bear claw tiramisu pie danish.
 Oat cake cotton candy tootsie roll sesame snaps dragée fruitcake.
 Lollipop pastry bear claw.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Liquorice faworki marshmallow macaroon gummi bears chocolate caramels.
 Cheesecake lollipop bear claw brownie gingerbread candy.
 Caramels chocolate sugar plum brownie cheesecake.
 Cupcake jelly beans cheesecake marshmallow marzipan cupcake jujubes lollipop
 chocolate cake.
 Tootsie roll oat cake macaroon apple pie.
 Jelly-o muffin croissant cotton candy muffin carrot cake.
 Sesame snaps apple pie sugar plum apple pie chocolate bar bonbon chupa
 chups bonbon jujubes.
 Ice cream pastry powder chocolate.
 Muffin jelly-o powder cupcake gummi bears topping brownie.
 Bonbon cookie donut candy gingerbread.
 Tart marzipan croissant candy canes chocolate bar donut liquorice.
 Halvah applicake dragée carrot cake topping tiramisu danish donut fruitcake.
 Jelly dragée tiramisu biscuit toffee gummi bears jelly-o tart tiramisu.
 
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
